Once the data has been read in from the filesystem, you will need to store this in memory.
You will need to devise a suitable set of classes to represent this data inside your Java program.
Think carefully about the tabular nature of relational databases and then write a set of classes
that match this structure. You will need to consider a wide range of different elements of the
database, including: tables, rows, columns, keys, table names, column names, data values, ids
and relationships between entities.

Remember that this teaching block focuses on "development" (not just "coding") and as such we are
attempting to develop your analysis and design skills. This exercise is more than just implementing a
pre-defined specification - it requires you to understand the domain, be able to deconstruct
the problem and make informed design decisions to achieve a successful solution. As such,
it is not easy - you are likely to make mistakes and will need to refactor your code at different
stages over the next few weeks.

Once you have defined a collection of classes that you feel are appropriate to the problem,
use the file reading methods that you wrote in the previous section to populate instances of your classes
with data read in from the sample data files. In order to fully exercise your classes as you develop your server further,
you will need to write additional data files to augment those given to you. We advise creating these data files
using queries in your testing scripts, rather than manually writing them. This is because you are likely to need
to recreate them on a regular basis during the course of your development work.
Additionally, you should not write any test scripts that assume the presence of pre-existing tab files,
since there is no guarantee that these will be present in the databases folder !

Once you have successfully stored the imported data in your classes, the next step is to write a
method to save these structures _back out_ to the filesystem again
(using appropriate features of the Java File API).