This workbook will lead you through the next assessed exercise,
the aim of which is to build a database server (from the ground up !)
This will not only give you more practice writing complex Java programmes,
but will also provide you with hands-on experience of using query languages. 
Note that assignment WILL contribute to your unit mark with a weighting of 35%. 

The assignment will be marked on the lab machines, so it is essential that you check that you
can compile and run your code using Maven on these machines before submission.

You are encouraged to discuss assignments and possible solutions with other students.
HOWEVER it is essential that you only submit your own work.

This may feel like a grey area, however if you adhere to the following advice, you should be fine:

- Never exchange code with other students (via IM/email, GIT, forums, printouts, photos or any other means)
- Although pair programming is encouraged in some circumstances, on this unit you must type your own work !
- It's OK to seek help from online sources (e.g. Stack Overflow) but don't just cut-and-paste chunks of code...
- If you don't understand what a line of code actually does, you shouldn't be submitting it !
- Don't submit anything you couldn't re-implement under exam conditions (with a good textbook !)

If you ask a question on a discussion forum, try to keep discussion at a high level
(i.e. not pasting in chunks of your code). If it is unavoidable to include code, only share
small snippets of the essential sections you need assistance with.

An automated checker will be used to flag any incidences of possible plagiarism.
If the markers feel that intentional plagiarism has actually taken place, marks may be deducted.
In serious or extensive cases, the incident may be reported to the faculty plagiarism panel.
This may result in a mark of zero for the assignment, or perhaps even the entire unit
(if it is a repeat offence).
Don't panic - if you stick to the above list of advice, you should remain safe !